Hi everyone! I hope you're good! :D
I'll show you how i made shopping bags for dolls! :D
we draw the pattern of a bag on cardboard
The two circles are the handles
The shape of the bag on the middle
we fold here
we fold the dotted lines to make the sides of the bag
We draw the shape according to the style we want to create
We can glue ribbon, lace, bracelets, chains, etc, to make the handles
we cut the pattern
i'll use a cutter to cut the handles
if you are a child please ask an aduld for help if you use a cutter
we'll fold here
we choose a paper to make our bags ^^
we can use gift wrap, origami paper, etc
we put the pattern on the back of the paper
and we draw around it to have the pattern on the paper
We don't forget to fold here to draw the side's lines
we draw the bottom of the bag
We cut
we can cover our bag with scotch
or varnish our bag with modpodge or lacquer for paper
like this varnish for instance
to protect our bag and give it a nice glazed effect
we fold
We glue the sides
We can flatten the bag as we do with a shopping bag
we can make a square or recangular bag and make the handles with ribbon, chains, etc
and we can customise them with accessories (stickers, pendants, etc)
Now it's your turn to make your own shopping bags! :D
Thank you for waching :)
I hope you liked the video or that it was useful
If so don't forget to give me a thumb up :)
Have a nice day! ;)